06/06 01:10
【Maika】Yeah, there might be another lockdown again soon :')
【Maika】Lololol
【Maika】Where do u live in china again?
【Maika】:333
【Maika】Ohhh~ did u cook it yourself?

06/06 01:42
【馥芮白】【reply to: Yeah, there might be another lockdown again soon :')】oh dont lock me in the Philippines :333
【馥芮白】【reply to: Where do u live in china again?】Hebei, Cangzhou
【馥芮白】where do u live, Angeles - (?)
【馥芮白】【reply to: Ohhh~ did u cook it yourself?】yeah i cook, i want to cook for u
【馥芮白】(Smiling Face with Hearts Emoji)
【馥芮白】【reply to: Hebei, Cangzhou】it;s boring i'll say, only food is good :333
【Maika】You're gonna be locked out not locked in (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【Maika】I live in pampanga
【Maika】Awe you're so sweet~ :3
【Maika】And also convenient cause I can't cook (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】It's so boring here too. Let's just live in Japan (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【馥芮白】【reply to: You're gonna be locked out not locked in (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)】hahahha noooo
【馥芮白】oh Pampaga is the province
【馥芮白】Angeles is the city
【馥芮白】【reply to: Awe you're so sweet~ :3】yeah u have a sweet boyfriend (Smiling Face with Hearts Emoji)
【馥芮白】let's show off to ur friends
【馥芮白】xDD
【馥芮白】【reply to: And also convenient cause I can't cook (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】cook instant noodles for me Maika, i'll like it
【馥芮白】【reply to: It's so boring here too. Let's just live in Japan (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)】yeah i agree, come here xD
【馥芮白】actually u can, since u dont have a job now, just come here and stay with me for months xD

06/06 02:49
【Maika】Ya~
【Maika】What if I don't have friends (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【Maika】I'll cook it with my special burnt eggs just for you (Smiling Face with Hearts Emoji) www
【Maika】Sure, if u sponsor me lol

06/06 08:15
【馥芮白】【reply to: What if I don't have friends (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)】cuz u reply message over 12 hours so u dont have friends Maika (Loudly Crying Face Emoji)
【馥芮白】【reply to: I'll cook it with my special burnt eggs just for you (Smiling Face with Hearts Emoji) www】woww we difinitely need share it(Face with Tears of Joy Emoji) xDD
【馥芮白】I'll teach u how to cook Chinese dishes, then when u cook at home ur parents will say, oh no Maika u become a chinese(Face with Tears of Joy Emoji) 
【馥芮白】【reply to: Sure, if u sponsor me lol】where's ur saving Maika :333
【馥芮白】i'll sponsor u the cost for lodging and finger message (￣y▽￣)~

06/06 12:20
【Maika】Yo I used to be so much worse. I don't reply for daysss. Sometimes even weeks (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】U should be glad you're getting a reply within hours lol
【Maika】No, my burnt eggs are only for you, my love (Smiling Face with Hearts Emoji) 
【Maika】Lmaoo
【Maika】They'd probably be happy. At least I learned how to cook ww
【Maika】I don't wanna spend my savings :p my uncle just sponsored my trip to Japan haha
【Maika】No thanks (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【馥芮白】【reply to: U should be glad you're getting a reply within hours lol】u are so kind to me xDD. love u Maika
【馥芮白】【reply to: Yo I used to be so much worse. I don't reply for daysss. Sometimes even weeks (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】but i have to say, u did that which means u didn't need a boyfriend at that time
【馥芮白】【reply to: No, my burnt eggs are only for you, my love (Smiling Face with Hearts Emoji) 】:333
【馥芮白】i like u call me that
【馥芮白】【reply to: I don't wanna spend my savings :p my uncle just sponsored my trip to Japan haha】oh what is that for, are u planning to buy something?
【馥芮白】a funny thing is, when i told our story to my parents, they thought u were a praud, cuz no girl would go on a trip with her uncle xDDD
【馥芮白】【reply to: No thanks (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)】dont lie to me, u were enjoying that :333

06/06 15:14
【Maika】That's right, be grateful (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)
【Maika】I was just selfish and needed a lot of alone time haha
【Maika】It's life savings lol
【Maika】What's praud?ww
【Maika】My sister actually just suggested it to our uncle since she's really close with him and he's rich and generous so. xD It was so out of the blue but I really wanted to go to Japan so I jumped at the opportunity (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】And we were with my sister who lives in Japan anyway so it's not just the two of us haha
【Maika】【视频】
【Maika】【图片】
【Maika】【视频】
【Maika】This is at my sister's house~
【Maika】【视频】
【Maika】Y u so h0rny huh. I'm gonna boko u xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: It's life savings lol】 xDD
【馥芮白】will it cost a lo for u to come to Tokyo, i mean only the flight ticket
【馥芮白】【reply to: What's praud?ww】fraud (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【馥芮白】my poor English
【馥芮白】【reply to: My sister actually just suggested it to our uncle since she's really close with him and he's rich and generous so. xD It was so out of the blue but I really wanted to go to Japan so I jumped at the opportunity (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】wow wow now i see
【馥芮白】and u met me, lucky Maika :333
【馥芮白】【reply to: Y u so h0rny huh. I'm gonna boko u xD】yeah that's boys :333
【馥芮白】i like neko. we should pet one too :333
【馥芮白】ur uncle speak Japanese wow
【馥芮白】and
【馥芮白】i prefer u showed ur feet in the next video ;)
【Maika】I've never tried traveling by myslft so I don't know haha
【Maika】lol
【Maika】So lucky
【Maika】Which do u like more? Cats or dogs?
【Maika】yeah he used to live in Japan too
【Maika】Omgg I forgot you're a food pervert. I should have censored my sister's feet (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【Maika】Why do u like feet so much lol
【馥芮白】i'm on the road to find my friends, we are going to spring
【馥芮白】i'll replay to u late :33
【馥芮白】【reply to: Why do u like feet so much lol】because they are like dumplings, Chinese people like dumplings u know xDD
【Maika】Kk. Have dun~ lol
【Maika】They are not like dumplings at all. Wut (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【馥芮白】they are, the some color as white and the same feelings in touch :33
【馥芮白】【reply to: i'm on the road to find my friends, we are going to spring】hot spring ww
【Maika】Aren't cheeks more like dumplings than feet
【Maika】Ohh u'll get to see so many feet in hot spring. Good for u
【馥芮白】【reply to: Aren't cheeks more like dumplings than feet】maybe, let me pinch themto see if it's true
【馥芮白】:33
【馥芮白】【reply to: Ohh u'll get to see so many feet in hot spring. Good for u】men's feet nooo
【馥芮白】but my feet are cute
【馥芮白】i like my feet
【馥芮白】xD

06/06 17:35
【Maika】Pinch ur own lol
【Maika】(Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×3)
【Maika】So do u just stare at ur feet and touch them all the time?ww
【馥芮白】no i'll pinch urs xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: So do u just stare at ur feet and touch them all the time?ww】sometimes
【馥芮白】but i'm so familiar with them
【馥芮白】jk xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Which do u like more? Cats or dogs?】maybe cats. i like Lihua cats
【馥芮白】with white paws
【馥芮白】we say they are like mangosteen
【馥芮白】【视频】
【馥芮白】for dogs i like border collie and golden retriever
【馥芮白】they are clever but i may not pet them

06/06 18:33
【Maika】I'll pinch urs harder >:3
【Maika】Have u ever tried sucking them ?ww
【Maika】Haha cute~
【Maika】My favorite is samine coon. I want a cat the size of a dog (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】Is that u and ur friend in the hot spring
【Maika】I like golden retriever and Samoyed~
【Maika】Haha why not
【Maika】【图片】
【Maika】Samoyed cafe!!
【Maika】We didn't go in tho haha :')

06/06 22:53
【馥芮白】i'm back :33 hot spring is the best thing in the world
【馥芮白】when we get out of the water and lying on the lounge chair, the wind take away the water droplets on ur skin, while ur body is still warm
【馥芮白】the best time in ur entire life
【馥芮白】【reply to: I'll pinch urs harder >:3】:33
【馥芮白】【reply to: Have u ever tried sucking them ?ww】i should try from someone's ;)
【馥芮白】【reply to: My favorite is samine coon. I want a cat the size of a dog (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】i like maine too~ they are handsome
【馥芮白】but cuz they are big in size i guess they shit a lot xDDD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Is that u and ur friend in the hot spring】yeah me and another three guys, we leanrt japanese together before coming to japan
【馥芮白】my best friends there
【馥芮白】i'll stay in my friend's place tonight
【馥芮白】【reply to: Is that u and ur friend in the hot spring】oh i get ur means xDD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Haha why not】it's expensive to pet one golden retriever i think :33
【馥芮白】【reply to: Samoyed cafe!!】cuuute !
【馥芮白】is there hot spring in the Philippines?

06/07 09:45
【馥芮白】【照片】
【馥芮白】i'll buy u a pair of puppy socks :33

06/08 13:40
【馥芮白】【照片】
【馥芮白】dumplings :3

06/09 05:51
【Maika】I've never met anyone who loves hot springs so much they turn poetic ww
【Maika】Good luck lol
【Maika】Haha probably
【Maika】What made you want to study in Japan?
【Maika】Ohh yeah, golden retrievers can be expensive
【Maika】There are~ I went with my family once, but I didn't take a bath cause I'm uncomfortable getting naked in front of strangers (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】Haha I love socks like that!
【Maika】I have like a small collection of cat themed socks xD
【Maika】Every time i see dumplings now, I'm gonna be reminded of your foot fetish

06/09 08:36
【馥芮白】【reply too: I've never met anyone who loves hot springs so much they turn poetic ww】hahahaha
【馥芮白】【reply too: here are~ I went with my family once, but I didn't take a bath cause I'm uncomfortable getting naked in front of strangers (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】oh u've missed a lot :33
【馥芮白】【reply too: I have like a small collection of cat themed socks xD】show me Maika ! hahaha
【馥芮白】i'll buy for u next time i find them
【馥芮白】that's good i'd love to leave u a unique impression. u'll never find a bf who have such foot fetish than me xDD
【馥芮白】【reply too: What made you want to study in Japan?】i may told u before i forgot
【馥芮白】I've been to United States so i thought for phd why not go to another country
【馥芮白】and
【馥芮白】at first i found a professor in Hokkaido whose research theme i really like, so i prepared everything to apply for her lab, including the scholarship offered by Japanese govern. but then i failed to go to Hokkaido, while i still have the scholarship and it's restricted to study in Japan xD
【馥芮白】so i came to Tokyo
【馥芮白】and i have changed my research topic during the process, before i wanted to do proton therapy, and now is neutron
【馥芮白】Hokkaido is still my dream place xDD
【馥芮白】do u want to live in China Maika

06/10 02:04
【Maika】How are u able to relax wit ha bunch of naked strangers in from of you xD
【Maika】it's all in the laundry haha
【Maika】You're actually the 4th dude I know who has a foot fetish lol. It's pretty common
【Maika】But I still don't understand the appeal of feet xD
【Maika】I like thighs more ww
【Maika】Ohhh~
【Maika】Hokkaido does seem like a lovely place
【Maika】Yeah :3 either in china or japan
【Maika】Tho I feel like living in Japan would be easie since I'm more familiar with the language and culture
【Maika】What about u? If u could, would u stay in Japan? Or do u wanna go back to china
【Maika】I've lost weight cause I've been sleeping a lot lately T v T
【Maika】Send dumplings here pls (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)


06/10 07:08
【馥芮白】【reply too: How are u able to relax wit ha bunch of naked strangers in from of you xD】just ignore them. they are not exist xD
【馥芮白】【reply too: You're actually the 4th dude I know who has a foot fetish lol. It's pretty common】u are making me sad Maika xD
【馥芮白】thights like this?
【馥芮白】【图片】
【馥芮白】it's my turn i dont understand xDD
【馥芮白】【reply too: Tho I feel like living in Japan would be easie since I'm more familiar with the language and culture】yeah yeah in Japan u can speak English in many place, more common than in China
【馥芮白】【reply too: What about u? If u could, would u stay in Japan? Or do u wanna go back to china】i like both. but it's hard for me to stay in Japan cuz to get a job in hospital or research institue both have a lot of restrictions on me
【馥芮白】and i dont like the work culture here, it's the worst thing in Japan :3
【馥芮白】【reply too: I've lost weight cause I've been sleeping a lot lately T v T】stay up late will give u pimples~
【馥芮白】so my current plan is to kidnap u to China :3
【馥芮白】【reply to: Send dumplings here pls (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】send me there :3
【馥芮白】i'll give u a princess carry to see how light u are ;)