06/11 02:55
【Maika】Lol
【Maika】You're the first to compare feet to dumplings tho (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】Oh that thigh is so seductive~
【Maika】I'm turned on now
【Maika】wwww
【Maika】Oh yeah, I forgot about the work culture haha
【Maika】My sleep schedule is a mess :') I'm basically asleep all day and awake at night
【Maika】Should I start learning Chinese haha
【Maika】U are indeed a dumpling
【Maika】My dumpling
【Maika】My xiao long baobao
【Maika】(Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)
【Maika】Wow xD

06/11 19:19
【馥芮白】【reply to: I'm turned on now】did u turn u off ?
【馥芮白】xDDD
【馥芮白】yeah u reply to me in late night these days
【馥芮白】i'll come to ur place and kiss u while u are sleeping
【馥芮白】kiss ur black circle haha
【馥芮白】【reply to: My xiao long baobao】hahahaha
【馥芮白】i might be delicious :33
【馥芮白】baobao is babe
【馥芮白】u are my baobao
【馥芮白】【reply to: Should I start learning Chinese haha】then i'm ur Shuku sensei ;)
【馥芮白】i want to see ur room Maika
【馥芮白】i want u take a photo when it's daytime xDD

06/11 16:51
【馥芮白】【reply to: My sleep schedule is a mess :') I'm basically asleep all day and awake at night】i can only act like this when not with my family, or i'll be asked to get up and do housework xDD

06/11 19:52
【Maika】Yea I'm turned off now
【Maika】Bish xD
【Maika】I will fry u
【Maika】Sensei why is ur dick small
【Maika】ww
【Maika】Why do u suddenly want to se my room lol
【Maika】Haha is that why u wanna live separately from them
【Maika】i might be getting banned here soon cause of the messages I send u

06/11 20:37
【馥芮白】【reply to: Yea I'm turned off now】ww
【馥芮白】【reply to: I will fry u】oh how
【馥芮白】u dont know how to cook
【馥芮白】【reply to: Sensei why is ur dick small】fuck uuuu xDDD
【馥芮白】now it's not
【馥芮白】kiss him he'll grow up xD
【馥芮白】【Why do u suddenly want to se my room lol】i just thought of i never seen that before :3
【馥芮白】and girl's room is cute right xDD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Haha is that why u wanna live separately from them】yeah one main reason
【馥芮白】【reply to: i might be getting banned here soon cause of the messages I send u】that's good then u can finally find y message sent from ins two weeks ago xDD
【馥芮白】do u use other app like WhatsApp or line? i dont want to lose u :3

06/11 21:56
【Maika】I know how to burn food
【Maika】I'll punch him so he'll become stronger (Smiling Face Emoji)
【Maika】【图片】
【Maika】There lol
【Maika】Lmao
【Maika】I already gave u my ig
【馥芮白】【reply to: I already gave u my ig】yeah but
【馥芮白】【图片】
【馥芮白】'sent last week'
【馥芮白】means u didn't see it xD
【馥芮白】oh wow
【馥芮白】pink~
【馥芮白】and so neat
【馥芮白】do u cuddle the penguin when u sleep?
【馥芮白】【reply to: I'll punch him so he'll become stronger (Smiling Face Emoji)】(Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【馥芮白】i'll let him puch back
【馥芮白】xDD
【Maika】Cause we're already talking here haha
【Maika】Penguin? xD
【Maika】Stop making me imagine weird things (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【馥芮白】the stuffed penguin on ur chair
【馥芮白】what came to ue mind xDDD
【馥芮白】do u live with ur parents Maika
【Maika】That doesn't even lookd remotely close to a penguin xD
【Maika】I'll get banned here for real if I tell u
【Maika】Sort of. They stay at my sister's place most of the time and come here every few days
【馥芮白】then it's an ice cream, the yellow part is the cone :3
【馥芮白】【reply to: I'll get banned here for real if I tell u】wow xDD
【馥芮白】i get up, here sell morning kiss
【馥芮白】1 kiss / 100 peso
【馥芮白】【reply to: Sort of. They stay at my sister's place most of the time and come here every few days】oh !
【馥芮白】so most of the time u live alone
【馥芮白】dont starve Maika, eat something during daytime xD
【馥芮白】can i stay in ur place? then i wont have to book a hotel hahahah
【馥芮白】for me i live with my parents and grandparents when young. then when i started college, my parents got a new place, i have a room in both homes

06/12 22:39
【馥芮白】tired xD
【Maika】I'll pass :v
【Maika】Oh you're still panning to go here? Haha y tho
【Maika】they'll kill me if they found out I let a guy stay here lol
【Maika】Now I'm curious what ur room looks like haha
【馥芮白】【reply to: I'll pass:v】hey xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Oh you're still panning to go here? Haha y tho】cuz i want to find u
【馥芮白】i want u to find me too actually :33
【馥芮白】【reply to: they'll kill me if they found out I let a guy stay here lol】hahaha i thought ur parents dont care about what u do
【馥芮白】maybe tell them about me xDD
【馥芮白】【图片】
【馥芮白】【图片】
【馥芮白】i found this, when i just moved my palce :3
【馥芮白】【图片】
【馥芮白】【图片】
【馥芮白】【图片】
【馥芮白】i took them in my hometwon
【馥芮白】the first one is the view from my room

6/13 06:15
【Maika】Are u sure u actually wanna go here tho. It's super hot and there isn't anything fun to do haha
【Maika】We can just see each other when i came back to Japan
【Maika】If someone sponsors me again (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【Maika】When did I say that? ww
【Maika】I don't really have a healthy relationship with my parents so I don't tell them anything :3
【Maika】Ohhh~ nice view~
【Maika】Why do u have so many tables in ur room (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【馥芮白】【reply to: We can just see each other when i came back to Japan】oh u really want that. i thought u were joking xDD
【馥芮白】how long can u stay here from ur visa, if i sponsor u
【馥芮白】and
【馥芮白】can u cover a one-way ticket (around 5000 peso), i really hope u can help share some of the expenses :33
【馥芮白】【reply to: I don't really have a healthy relationship with my parents so I don't tell them anything :3】oh oh do u like them?
【馥芮白】【reply to: Why do u have so many tables in ur room (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】one for food, one for laptop, one for storing my clothes xDD but i'm planning to have a hanger instead, u'll stt it next time
【Maika】Actually, scratch that idea. I forgot I can't go there by myself lol
【Maika】Did u know our trip to Japan almost got cancelled cause I didn't know what to say during the immigration interview (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】I guess we'll just never see each other again (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)
【Maika】No wwww
【Maika】Lolol
【馥芮白】Maika if u want we meet in Japan u should overcome that
【馥芮白】【reply to: I guess we'll just never see each other again (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)】nooo xDD
【馥芮白】try to travel by uerself, u can
【馥芮白】and ur visa has not been expired right
【馥芮白】【reply to: Did u know our trip to Japan almost got cancelled cause I didn't know what to say during the immigration interview (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】or just say, ur boyfriend is here
【馥芮白】:33
【Maika】Bro my dumbass can't even go anywhere in my own country
【Maika】I get lost even just inside a building (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【Maika】Nah I'll have to apply for another visa. And that's gonna be a pain in the ass too
【Maika】It hasn't even been a month since we met (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)
【馥芮白】love u Maika
【馥芮白】【reply to: Bro my dumbass can't even go anywhere in my own country】u know i just thought, we can travel to some other cities in the Philippines xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Nah I'll have to apply for another visa. And that's gonna be a pain in the ass too】uhh i see
【馥芮白】【reply to: It hasn't even been a month since we met (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)】u are right :3
【馥芮白】just i already miss u :3
【馥芮白】【reply to: Bro my dumbass can't even go anywhere in my own country】so u prefer Japan cuz u are familiar with the culture and language but u'll got lost xDD
【馥芮白】dumb Maika :3
【Maika】I wanna go to Baguio with u but there's already a confirmed case of mpox there T o T
【Maika】Haha I miss u too
【馥芮白】【reply to: Haha I miss u too】woww
【馥芮白】kiss u hahah
【馥芮白】【reply to: I wanna go to Baguio with u but there's already a confirmed case of mpox there T o T】then let's wait~
【馥芮白】in December i have another holiday
【Maika】It'll probably have gotten worse by then (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【馥芮白】xDDD
【馥芮白】fuck the mpox
【馥芮白】we are backing to the covid days saddd
【馥芮白】stay healthy cuz i cant fly there and take care of u :3
【Maika】I'm gonna die soon from staying up late too much. Not from mpox or covid
【馥芮白】try to stay up even later in night until ur lag is 24 hours xDD
【馥芮白】then ur schedule will be normal
【馥芮白】:3
【Maika】Okay I'm not gonna sleep today
【Maika】If I slept..
【Maika】Then you're gay
【馥芮白】hahahaha what
【馥芮白】then i'll love boys and Maika
【Maika】Have u ever actually liked a boy? haha
【馥芮白】never xDD
【Maika】I wouldn't mind if u have a boyfriend while u have me tbh
【Maika】(Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)
【馥芮白】hahaha noo
【馥芮白】it means
【馥芮白】u want a threesome
【馥芮白】(Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【馥芮白】but sad story i only like girls (Winking Face)
【Maika】I wouldn't mind.. I wouldn't mind at all
【Maika】ww jk
【Maika】What if I got a girlfriend? Haha
【馥芮白】( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)✧
【馥芮白】【reply to: What if I got a girlfriend? Haha】are u serious xD
【馥芮白】i dont know i never met this case before ww
【馥芮白】love is possessive
【馥芮白】but is she sponsor u to Japan
【馥芮白】i wouldn't mind xDD
【Maika】Haha oii xD
【Maika】Lmaoo
【Maika】I'm 100% straight but I kinda want a cute girlfriend ww
【馥芮白】u are the cute one xD u only attract T gitls
【Maika】Nani lol
【馥芮白】a handsome T girl, and a cute boyfriend like me
【馥芮白】say which one u want
【馥芮白】xD
【Maika】Can I have both
【Maika】(Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【馥芮白】hahahahha
【馥芮白】u cant cuz i u have both
【馥芮白】she will fall in love me too
【Maika】the more the merrier
【Maika】Why don't we add another boy too for u
【馥芮白】【reply to: the more the merrier】i'll write this on our wedding photo (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【馥芮白】【reply to: Why don't we add another boy too for u】wow u love me so much Maika
【Maika】We're all gonna et married. The four of us
【馥芮白】yeah everyday is exciting life
【馥芮白】xD
【馥芮白】i mean we play card games everyday withno need to call other people ;)
【Maika】Oh we need to add another one so we have our own team
【Maika】We can play league of legends
【Maika】(Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)
【馥芮白】xDDD
【馥芮白】then he/she should be a transgender
【馥芮白】that's fair to u and me xDD
【Maika】I want a femboy
【Maika】HAHA
【馥芮白】how about I become a femboy xD
【Maika】Omgg pleaseee
【Maika】That's literally my dream
【Maika】Let me do ur makeup (Face Holding Back Tears Emoji, Backhand Index Pointing Right Emoji, Backhand Index Pointing Left Emoji)
【Maika】Also can u wear  a maid dress pls (Face Holding Back Tears Emoji, Backhand Index Pointing Right Emoji, Backhand Index Pointing Left Emoji)
【馥芮白】hahaha
【馥芮白】i may like that loll
【Maika】I'm being fr
【Maika】I need to see u in a maid dress now
【馥芮白】tell me what u are imagining lolol
【Maika】Hehehe
【馥芮白】i was working on my visa extension :3
【馥芮白】i am imagininh we sex and i wear a maid dress xDD
【馥芮白】i'm on u and the maid dress can cover u xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Hehehe】u are Anya
【Maika】*bonks u
【Maika】lol
【馥芮白】hahahaha
【馥芮白】kiss u
【馥芮白】lunch time Maika, give me some advice what to eat

06/13 11:51
【馥芮白】【图片】
【馥芮白】gyudon in the end

06/13 15:47
【Maika】Haha I fell asleep xD
【Maika】Ohh~ that looks good
【馥芮白】oh i'm gay i'm going to date a guy here xD
【馥芮白】i take a nap too
【馥芮白】do most Philipino take nap? Japanese dont do that
【Maika】Yavy~ send me pics of u two kissing!
【Maika】Idk about Filipinos. I just sleep a lot cause I'm always sleepy (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【馥芮白】【reply to: Idk about Filipinos. I just sleep a lot cause I'm always sleepy (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】make friends Maika xDD
【Maika】Oh really? My Japanese friend is the same tho. He can't function if he doesn't get his nap.
【馥芮白】oh really
【馥芮白】u know Japanese better  tham Filipino xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Yavy~ send me pics of u two kissing!】more than kissing Maika ;)
【Maika】I have friends. It's u (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【Maika】ww
【Maika】you're making my imagination run wild
【馥芮白】am i 1 or 0 in ur imagination? xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: I have friends. It's u (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)】let me guess u dont have filipino friends
【Maika】You're definitely the bottom ww
【Maika】I do. My cousins xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: You're definitely the bottom ww】hahahah no
【馥芮白】it hurts i guess
【馥芮白】【reply to: I do. My cousins xD】how many cousins u have
【馥芮白】i know ur sister in Tokyo

06/13 23:23
【馥芮白】i'm going to cook for dinner xD
【Maika】i heard men's gspot is up the butt. Have u ever tried it? www

【Maika】Too many to count xD wbu?
