06/01 06:28
【馥芮白】miss u Maika

06/01 22:25
【馥芮白】baka

06/01 23:26
【Maika】Haha oh no~
【Maika】Happy weeksary (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)
【Maika】We're not going to sleep. I'm going to annoy u all night lol
【Maika】Miss me already? (Face Blowing a Kiss Emoji)
【Maika】Nuahahah
【馥芮白】hahahahah
【馥芮白】【reply to: Happy weeksary (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)】learnt this word
【馥芮白】i'll always reply to u
【馥芮白】so dont sleep xD
【馥芮白】i'm going to take a shower and then lie down on bed and think about u(Face Blowing a Kiss Emoji)
【馥芮白】of u really dont sleep we can make a call maybe xD

06/02 00:00
【Maika】Lewdd
【Maika】I don't like doing voice calls. Unless you're gonna moan on call then sure
【馥芮白】when what will do do lol
【Maika】I'm gonna sleep while listening to you
【Maika】 (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji ×2)】
【馥芮白】hahahha then no~ next time
【馥芮白】i already did that today
【馥芮白】xD
【馥芮白】i actually want to learn more about u, like ur days, ur families
【馥芮白】cuz we dont chat often
【馥芮白】【reply to: I don't like doing voice calls. Unless you're gonna moan on call then sure】may i know why u dont like video calls?
【Maika】Sad. lol
【Maika】My days? I've just been hibernating. I'm still recovering from the trip (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】Wbu?
【Maika】Idk. I just don't. I can't explain why haha
【馥芮白】i see, u enhausted a lot in my place
【馥芮白】xDD
【馥芮白】my days is like, on weekesays i have classes and meetings, read paper, on weekends i eat with my chinese friends and do video editing sometimes
【馥芮白】i'm planning to have my hair cut, maybe next weekend, it's too long now
【馥芮白】【reply to: My days? I've just been hibernating. I'm still recovering from the trip (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】i wanna hibernate tooo

06/02 11:02
【馥芮白】busy week again Maika
【馥芮白】hibernate well xD
【Maika】Yea, it's ur fault ww
【Maika】U should try going bald
【Maika】Ohh u sound really busy
【Maika】Good luck to u~
【Maika】Imma just chill here (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【馥芮白】【reply to: Yea, it's ur fault ww】i should practice more xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: U should try going bald】thank u then i'll stay in room for month
【Maika】Practice what (Copy Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【Maika】Lmaoo
【馥芮白】practice teasing u
【馥芮白】hahahah
【馥芮白】【reply to: Imma just chill here (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】wow
【馥芮白】show me some photo when u have food
【馥芮白】i know nothing about phillipines food

06/02 03:13
【馥芮白】do u have religion Maika

06/03 10:41
【Maika】Lol
【Maika】Oh it's boring. I've only been eating fried foods and takeouts since I came here (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】My family does but I dont's. I'm an atheist haha
【Maika】What about you？

06/03 12:28
【馥芮白】It's a good life Maika
【馥芮白】dont gain weight too much xDD
【馥芮白】【reply to: My family does but I dont's. I'm an atheist haha】me too
【馥芮白】atheist
【馥芮白】since i was born i dont have any concept about religion, and most Chinese dont have a religion i think
【馥芮白】then there's no restriction for us xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: My family does but I dont's. I'm an atheist haha】ur parents are Catholic?

06/03 20:36
【Maika】I have a fast metabolism so I cant's really gain weight even if I try (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】Oh wow that's really interesting. Cause in the Philippines most of Filipinos are very religious
【Maika】Lolol
【Maika】They're INC
【Maika】So ur parents also don't have a religion?
【馥芮白】【reply to: I have a fast metabolism so I cant's really gain weight even if I try (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】i will take u around China and eat everyting
【馥芮白】and u will gain weight
【馥芮白】xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Oh wow that's really interesting. Cause in the Philippines most of Filipinos are very religious】i searched it says 80% philippines have religion
【馥芮白】【reply to: They're INC】oh the first time i heard that, i only know Christian
【馥芮白】【reply to: So ur parents also don't have a religion?】yeah they dont
【馥芮白】in my hometown there's a Muslim area, so some of my classmates are Muslim. And my mom does not want me be in a relationship with a Muslim girl xD, she thought religion is troublesome
【馥芮白】there was a Muslim girl who liked me in high school, but nothing happened between us, my mom's attitude was one of the reason xD
【Maika】i'll eat u instead
【馥芮白】oh
【Maika】It's worse than catholic. They're almost like a cult ww. They even have a rule that inc members can only date fellow inc members tho nobody really follows that lol
【馥芮白】eat where
【Maika】Oh your mom is wise haha
【Maika】But did u like the girl too?
【馥芮白】【reply to: It's worse than catholic. They're almost like a cult ww. They even have a rule that inc members can only date fellow inc members tho nobody really follows that lol】fuck that rule xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: But did u like the girl too?】that's a long story
【馥芮白】i might like her for some time, but the time we like each other did not overlap i guess
【馥芮白】【reply to: Oh your mom is wise haha】i'll let her know xD
【馥芮白】yeah it's a crazy cult, cuz INC's daughter is going to find me and eat me xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: i might like her for some time, but the time we like each other did not overlap i guess】she didn;t tell me about she liked me, and i neither, but it's easy to realise that after some years
【Maika】i'm gonna vore u >:) www
【Maika】But what if you're dating someone you really like but your mom doesn't approve of her. Would you break up with her? Haha
【Maika】Omg that's actually what happened with one of my exes. We both liked each other in high school but neither of us confessed. We just reconnected years later lol
【Maika】Who knows, maybe you'll cross paths again haha
【馥芮白】【reply to: i'm gonna vore u >:) www】woww xD
【馥芮白】i'm playing game i'll reply to u later~
【馥芮白】but u have small mouth and teeth
【馥芮白】and a cute tongue xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: But what if you're dating someone you really like but your mom doesn't approve of her. Would you break up with her? Haha】now i can insist my idea. and i'm planning to leave further from my families lol
【馥芮白】although i love them

06/03 23:08
【Maika】Watchu playing
【Maika】It can stretch wide enough to fit ur entire body
【Maika】Haha same. I wanna live somewhere far from my family
【馥芮白】【reply to: Watchu playing】lean on me and watch me playing
【馥芮白】【reply to: Haha same. I wanna live somewhere far from my family】welcome to china xD
【馥芮白】i'm still in game
【Maika】I would mess with u if I was there
【Maika】Lmao
【Maika】I hope u lose >:3
【馥芮白】【reply to： I hope u lose >:3】i won ;)
【馥芮白】hahahaha
【馥芮白】【reply to: Who knows, maybe you'll cross paths again haha】she's in Austrilia now
【馥芮白】and she has her boyfriend lol

06/04 00:05
【馥芮白】i can fit ur body tooo
【馥芮白】xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Omg that's actually what happened with one of my exes. We both liked each other in high school but neither of us confessed. We just reconnected years later lol】then why did u broke up with him

06/04 00:47
【馥芮白】catch u
【Maika】Awwww (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】Eh. People date and break up all the time haha
【Maika】Nani (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【Maika】We both couldn't do ldr haha
【馥芮白】oh he's not in the Phillines?
【馥芮白】【reply to: We both couldn't do ldr haha】but u are having ldr with me ww
【馥芮白】i'm considering when to find u
【馥芮白】i think i'll have time in the first half of August
【馥芮白】are u free around the time?

06/04 04:17
【Maika】He's in Japan
【Maika】Are u actually serious? Haha
【Maika】If it's you, ofc I'm free (Face Blowing a Kiss Emoji) www

06/04 08:10
【馥芮白】【reply to: He's in Japan】oh now i know that story xD
【馥芮白】【reply to: Are u actually serious? Haha】i'm afraid so xDD
【馥芮白】i'm considering to take to u China after i graduate. the tricky things are i still have two years to graduate, so it's still a unclear future for u, like which city for us to lice. and a work visa may be not easy to apply in china.
【馥芮白】will these things be too much for u
【馥芮白】i'm serious though(Face Blowing a Kiss Emoji) 
【馥芮白】【reply to: i'm considering to take to u China after i graduate. the tricky things are i still have two years to graduate, so it's still a unclear future for u, like which city for us to lice. and a work visa may be not easy to apply in china.】the two things are, can we get through 2 years ldr, and can we stay together after the 2 years
【馥芮白】and
【馥芮白】when i go there, u wanna stay in a hotel with me for a few days? xD

06/05 01:23
【Maika】Let's leave those worries to our future selves (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)
【Maika】Only time will tell haha
【Maika】I do wanna see u but I'm worried about the mpox xD
【Maika】Ofc I'll stay with u if u do come here tho haha
【Maika】Actually idk. I'm really paranoid about mpox (Face with Tears of Joy Emoji)
【馥芮白】oh is mpox outbreak in the Philippines now
【馥芮白】that's sad, let's see in August
【馥芮白】maybe cuz i have been in ijapan since 2023 so i never heard about this disease before
【馥芮白】【reply to: Let's leave those worries to our future selves (Rolling on the Floor Laughing Emoji)】fuck u xDD
【馥芮白】at least give some thought to them
【馥芮白】【reply to: Ofc I'll stay with u if u do come here tho haha】i'll hug u tightly and wont let u go(Face Blowing a Kiss Emoji)

06/05 19:03
【馥芮白】【图片】
【馥芮白】my dinner~