ENG:

On May 22, 2025, I met Maika - a Filipino girl traveling in Tokyo - on a dating app. Our first meeting was already full of her gentleness. Because my lab meeting ran late, I arrived 40 minutes late. I kept apologizing on Instagram. She said it was fine, that she was just walking around. When I finally reached her, she even said, "Sorry, I got a bit too far, I might be the one who's late." It broke my heart - even though it was me who was late, she shared my guilt so lightly. From that moment, I liked her.

That night we had steak and rice. She ordered a small portion, and I paid. Afterwards we went to Tokyo Tower. She shyly asked if she could buy a small souvenir - her tentative way of asking was so cute. We hugged for a long time in front of the glass window - the view wasn't special, but we laughed. Under the tower we took a photo together, but I never got that photo back.

On the way to my place, I said, "Let's buy some water first - better drink your own water in a stranger's home right." She laughed and bought sparkling wine instead. At my apartment we got intimate - only with our hands. When I wanted to go further, she said she was in her period. It was so funny and so cute that I laughed out loud, a bright and happy laugh, and said, "That's so funny." She laughed too. A little shy, but she came twice that night. She liked me so much then, willing to keep going just to make me feel good. Later, when she watched me try to finish on my own, I stopped halfway and said, "I give up, that's boring." We both laughed again. Even without the final step, it was such a beautiful night - two people so happy together. We kissed, tasted lemon on each other's tongues after the wine, she watched me play a quick game, teased me for not playing ranked, and later suggested a horror movie. By then it was past midnight. I held her foot during the scary parts - she teased me, "You have foot fetish." Soon she fell asleep. I turned off the movie and we slept until morning. When I sent her back to her sister's place, I felt both joy and emptiness. For three days her perfume still lingered on my blanket. She once asked if this was a one-night stand. I messaged, "Your scent is still here," and she replied, "You never know, I might be hiding inside your room right now."

She said she didn't want to stay in the Philippines. I seriously thought about how to bring her to my country. I even argued with my parents on the phone for two hours. Career plans, postdoc years - all of that became blurry while chatting with Maika.

This became my second relationship, after a short online one. She told me she didn't like replying fast - she'd once broken up with her ex for taking a week to reply. With me she was better - one day per reply - but I still felt drained. In love I'm always serious, yet rarely get the emotional support I crave. We faced countless issues, especially money. My savings could cover a few trips to her, and she had savings too but didn't want to spend them now. She had never traveled abroad alone, and was reluctant to come to Tokyo without family. We once planned for me to visit in August, but weather and monkeypox canceled it. She said, "Do you really want to come? It's so hot." She dreamed of going to Baguio with me one day. But she disliked phone calls, our chats thinned, more of my messages stayed "seen", her status showed "online 1 day ago".

I feared my emotional needs were pressuring her. I tried to break my loneliness into smaller pieces. On OmeTV I talked to other girls, gave them my Instagram. At 3 am - Maika's usual time to check my messages - everything between us ended. A clean, wordless break. I'm not innocent. It's a thorn forever stuck in my heart.

I sent her one last message: "If you really decide to end our relationship, please at least let me keep your Instagram. We once hugged under Tokyo's night, I'm so afraid we'll become strangers." She replied only: "You are disgusting :)" And that was it. We lifted a story gently, then dropped it hard. I can never forgive myself.

CHS:

5月22号那天，我在约会软件上认识了正在东京旅游的 Maika，一个菲律宾的女孩儿。第一天见面时，我因为组会拖堂迟到了40分钟（我不停在 ins 和她道歉），她说没关系，她在附近散散步。而当我到达，她说抱歉呀，i got a bit too far and i might be the one who's late. 要哭了，明明是我迟到，而哪怕不是有意为之，她也在做那个愿意分担的人，就这样轻轻接住我的愧疚，从那一刻我就喜欢上她了。晚饭是煎牛排和米饭，我付了钱，她点了小份。吃完我们去了东京塔，她想要纪念品小礼物，小心翼翼地问我，可以买吗？她的试探多么可爱啊。我们在玻璃窗前拥抱了很久，风景其实有点无聊，我们都笑了，她问我，do u live alone？在塔下我们拍了合照，然而至今我都没有机会再要到那张照片。

快到我家时，我说，我们去买水吧，去陌生人的家里，还是喝自己的水吧。她又笑了，然后扭捏地买了气泡酒，我们又笑了起来，我们都明白，多么可爱的女孩儿。

我们很快就做了——用手指，因为我想进一步的时候，她说她在 in her period，无比可爱又好笑的事，我当时就笑了，是灿烂开心的笑，我说 that's so funny，她也笑了。有点羞耻，但她去了两次，当时的她是多么喜欢我，愿意为我的满足感而继续。后来，她看我自己解决，而我做到一半放弃了，我说 i give up that's boring，我们又笑在一起。哪怕没有最后一步，多么美好的夜晚，多么开心的两个人啊。后来我们亲吻，我们试了伸出舌头，但只用舌尖舔舐，在对方喝完气泡酒的舌尖上品尝柠檬的清香。她想看我打游戏，于是我打了一把快速模式的乱斗，她还笑我，为什么不是 rank。后来输了，但是我一直很开心，我说 but i'm so happy i have a girlfriend now. 后来她提议看恐怖电影，当时已经是深夜，我握着她的一只脚，到恐怖的地方我就握紧一点，她还笑我，u have foot fetish. 但看了几分钟她就沉沉欲睡了，于是我关掉电影，我们躺下，睡到第二天早上。我送她回家（她姐姐在东京的家），回去的路上我不知道在想什么，开心？空落？记不清了，都不如那个开心的夜晚真实。到家以后，她睡过的被子仍然散发着香水的气味，花香大概三天后才散去，我终于忍不住联系她（她问过我，这是不是 one night stand），我说你的香水味道还没有散，她说 u never know, i might be hiding inside ur room right now.

她说她不想留在菲律宾，于是我很认真的考虑，怎样把她接到国内。我和父母吵了一架，我说我只是想告诉你们这件事，他们以为我要被绑架到缅北了，两个小时的电话让我精疲力竭。我想过无数次的问题，要不要再做几年博后，在和 Maika 聊天的那一刻变得不再重要了。我知道我需要早点获得一份工作，早点定居，两年的时间已经如此可怕。我和朋友聊我的想法，朋友说，我一次见到男人有年龄焦虑。

于是和 Maika 变成了我的第二段恋爱，和我的第一段（也是一个月的网恋，多么可笑）一样内耗。她说她不喜欢及时回消息，和上一任男友分手就是因为她会隔一周才回，和我的时候好多了，变成了一天一回，但我还是会内耗。不知道为什么，好像在恋爱关系里我总是格外认真，却又获得不了我需要的、大量的情绪价值。我们遇到无数的问题，最主要的是经济，我的存款大概够我去找她3-4次，她也有存款，但她不想用在现在（我不会指责她）；以及她从未一个人出国，也因此抗拒一个人来东京（上次是她和她的叔叔一起），很难过的事情。我们曾计划我8月初去那边找她，但因为天气和那边的猴痘疫情搁置。她说，你真的要来吗，很热的欸，她说想有一天和我一起去 Baguio. 但她不喜欢打电话，我们的聊天也变得稀疏，我的消息越来越多的处于已读，而她的状态处于1天前在线。


我害怕我过多的情绪需求会给她压力，我想能不能把这些缺口，掰成一些小份呢，我在 ometv 上认识了另一些女孩儿，也给了她们我的 ins，第二天的凌晨3点（Maika 最经常查看我消息的时间），我失去了和 Maika 的一切联系，决绝的，没有结束语的断联。我并不是无辜的人，一根永远扎在我心里的刺。我用最后的办法给她发了一段作文，我说 if u really dicide to end our relationship, pls at least let me keep ur instagram. 我们曾在东京的夜色下拥抱，我无比害怕我们会变成陌生人。而我们终究是了，她只回复了一句 u are disgusting :). 我们就这样把一段故事轻轻的举起然后重重摔下。我永远无法原谅自己。
